a framework for creating entreprise erp's with the following stack

- force.com / database.com
- rails / sinatra
- node.js

Why:
 Because is the perfect stack to handle modern applications.
 
 Salesforce is a backend database storage, administration , reporting and analytics system that is as powerful and as feature rich as they come.

The intuitive standards based API in the robustness of Ruby on Rails and Sinatra Framework performs stupendously as a central communications and integrations hub. 

User appreciation is earned with the clean attractive styles included in the Foundation Framework, also providing chameleon features that adapts its  layout for desktop, tablets and mobile devices.

Realtime instaneous response of the user interface is obtained thanks to client side javascript mvc framework Spine that exploits the asyncronous ui pattern.

While the scalable and dead simple node.js framework provides the features necessary for offline access and data synchronization; not to mention the infinite scalability of the event based internet.

What is it:
Sixth is the glue, or a macro-framework that sets the configuration policies to make all 5 frameworks play with each other nicely.

Development as and environment is straight forward, natural 

How to use it:
Probably you would need a team to launch an app to production, but a sole developer can build a 100% functional prototype application in a few hours.

First Steps
There are two side now:

1. A tutorial that will drive you right trougt the middle of a crm application staging the process of handling as a lead until we make a customer out of you and provide you with the service of downloading the app..

2. A Technical Overview of how to configure your developer environment to start developing an application right away.

3. The technical Documentation and API of the Sixth Framework


1. Create a System that walks a user trough the web app , salesforce , chatter and e-commerce  

2. Create a step by step of how to do it

Requirements
  Force.com IDE
  Gem Bundler
  Node
  NPM
  Spine

/sixth
  mkdir force
    create a force.com project with force.com IDE
  mkdir api
  mkdir frontend
  


3. Write documentation about it.
